conforme dito acima, gadolinite foi descoberto por arrhenius em 1788. geijer examinou o mesmo ano, e descreveu como um zeolite.
"não há nenhuma coisa, neste palco da história do mundo na américa, como uma imprensa independente e eu sabíamos que ele não é um de você que dare escrevemos suas opiniões e se você dido, você sabe que nunca iria aparecer em print.
"more than once in history have people revolted against the inequalities of life and refused to submit to the restraints of laws and creeds, they have often gone through a period of communism and red terror in the hope of realizing ultimately the perfect state.
"and tonight, i think about all that she's seen throughout her century in america — the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that american creed: yes we canat a time were
"de todos os nobres que podem ser encontrados em todos os contos de fadas já disseram que não há nada mais delesamente sociável do que a pedra de areia, onde, no verão.
"so we part, i to my country and you to remain, we are - if a man of forty can claim that privilege – fellow members of the world's largest younger generation.
o atual laos tem suas raízes no antigo reino do lao de lan xang, estabelecido no século xiv sob o comando do rei fa ngum.
"why, of course, the people don't want war why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece?
"hoje era o primeiro dia que os cientistas eram capazes de chegar na água.
"the top 10 species list is compiled annually by the international institute for species exploration, or iise.
"only the assumption that the reader - i better say: the prospective reader, because for the moment there is not the slightest prospect, that my writing could see the lights of publicity, - unless it miraculously left our endangered fortress europe and brought a hint of the secrets of the secrets.
"it was a country of wide pastures, of moors covered with heath, of rock-born streams and rivulets, of forest and hill and dale, sparsely inhabited, with the sea to the eastward of it, unseen, and the mountains everywhere visible always.
"the last film in the lord of the rings series, the return of the king debuted in mid-december and is still showing in u.s. movie theaters, the epic trilogy comes to a close with a final battle for middle earth, and frodo's heroic effort to cast the ring into the fiery lava of the fiery lav.
"this inspector, when i first knew him, was a man of fourscore years, or thereabouts, and certainly one of the most wonderful specimens of winter-green that you would be likely to discover in a lifetime’s search.
em 17 de abril de 1970, a apollo 13 se separou com safely no oceano pacífico após a tripulação e os engenheiros da nasa superaram o que parecia impossível odds em uma história que captou todo o planeta.
"here, you have translated from the sentence in < the language you have translated from > and you created a link to that one.
no nível molecular, sal dissolve na água devido às acusações elétricas e devido ao fato de ambos os compostos de água e sal são polidos, com acusações positivas e negativas em lados opostos na molécula.
"nothing could well resemble less a typical english street than the interminable avenue, rich in incongruities, through which our two travelers advanced—looking out on each side of them at the comfortable animation of the sidewalks, the high-colored, heterogeneous architecture.
"the life of a young deer can be a tough one.
"it is true that the passage to which we have referred, and several other passages which we could point out, are admirable when considered merely as exhibitions of mental power.
"theirs was a nervous household. jock and hurry confined indoors for almost two days had too little exercise and too many good things to nervos, they were quite cross and irrepressible, john had the fidgets.
"george frederick handel, inquestionavelmente o maior mestre de música do mundo já conhecido, nasceu em halle, na alta saxônia, em 24º de fevereiro de 1684.
"mr. and mrs. william webster had come all the way from woodford to concord, leaving three babies at home, to assist their old friends at the inaugural ball.
"scientists wanted to see how these developing larvae were being affected by the increased acidity of the ocean water caused by excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
em geral, a forma física e mental de seres conscientes é uma expressão do personagem do planeta em que eles live.
"the nature of memory has been the subject of considerable speculation in the past. it has long been felt intuitively that retention of information in the central nervous system involves either an alteration of preexisting material or structure, or, alternatively, synthesis of materials not present previly.
"yes, another roosevelt, the roosevelts have some of the most gorgeous memorials in d.c. this one is dedicated to the 32nd president of the united states, and each of the four terms of his presidency has its own room.
"what's surprising is that reducing certain materials from the macro to the nano scale radically changes some of their properties.
"vietnam contem em si entre os cinco países do mundo que seria devastado se o aquecimento global recebe até mesmo mais severo, especialmente com suas 3.000 quilômetros da costa ao longo do mar da china do sul, como ele trabalha para implementar um plano de ação sob a mudança climática de paris, o país está procurando por meio ambiente.
"one of his notable achievements came after he lobbied the government to curtail all forms of discrimination against people with disabilities.
por exemplo, os participantes estudam formas que estruturas podem ser planejadas para salvar eletricidade e água, bem como ser "bioclimatic,” que significa que se adaptarem ao ambiente circundante na capital norte de hanôver, é mais útil para firmar a insulação e servir calor para manter as pessoas quentes no norte de hanôver.
"the americans wanted to impose the idea that a book or film should be treated like any commercial object, because they understood that alongside the army, diplomacy and trade, there is also cultural war, a battle that they intend to win both for noble reasons — the united states has always opined that its values.
"this was what she did: she touched with her wand everything in the palace (except the king and queen),—governesses, maids of honor, ladies of the bedchamber, gentlemen, officers, stewards, cooks, undercooks, kitchen maids, guards with their porters.
"according to stewart, the chinese also have a special reverence for the number seven, they believe that many stages of their lives are related to that number, he explains.
in nineteen-oh-six, she married charles joseph walker he was a newspaperman who had become her friend and adviser, from then on, sarah used the name madam c. j. walker.
"fossett fez com sucesso a viagem em dois mil dos; a viagem começou e terminou na austrália, ele viajou mais de trinta e três mil quilômetros por mais de 14 dias.
em todos os herdeiros foram medlares, plantas, e maais com vines treinados para eles.
"the exhibit includes a movie about elvis’ life and the evolution of his representation by the media.
"for those who have been scarred by the violence that was witnessed. i know exactly what you feel, we have been all through the same experience as people from this nation and we need to share our feelings with each other, however, this does not mean it will hurt less for all of us.
"hailstones are formed when raindrops are carried upward by thunderstorm upts into extremely cold areas of the atmosphere and freeze, then grow by colliding with liquid water drops that freeze on the hailstone’s surface.
"até várias décadas atrás, as ciências físicas foram consideradas como tendo suas origens no século xvii - mecânica começando com homens como galileu galilei e magnetismo com homens como o médico e o cientista william gilbert.
"food traceability is the ability to follow the movement of a food product and its ingredients through all steps in the supply chain, both backward and forward traceability involves documenting and linking the production, processing, and distribution chain of food products and ingredients.
in the name of the brazilian president, luiz inacio lula de silva, claudio soarez rocha expressed admiration for the continuing effort which esperanto-speaking people throughout the world are always making, for the greater spread of esperanto.
as instituições federalmente reguladas foram genericamente analisadas para determinar a sua capacidade de continuar a promover serviços essenciais no evento de um grande terremoto como aqueles que foram postulados para esta avaliação, a conclusão alcançada assim é que os terremotos de grande magnitude não têm problemas significativos ou não-regulamentos.
"when we come to die, we shall be alone.
"filby se tornou pensive.
"stories of shark attacks are unnerving for those who enjoy swimming in the ocean.
"the village of san josé at himuri is three leagues to the east of san ignacio is bordered on the east and on the north by the mountainit is blessed with good lands but the indians work very little or not at all at farming them.
in this regard, he says, his organization has come out with a draft bill that was sent to the parliament three years ago.
"i traveled to multiethnic walkable singapore on my way to bali.
